oh I know him oh and Laura I am I
watching my dog what you have two
different-sized I know a funny moment
okay come on what is that get fussy
what's that I just put your money it is
a large monoi guitar if I want to I am I
wanna go play cards or what so vasectomy
I stuck a pistol without a choice at all
so Miss Benton Mo Money mo Baker kids at
all this one is a bottle ah job is
endemic yes - yes
what am I gonna get your mastectomy no
son at all I'm not no I'm not gon
you know I made a piano we're not going
to title oh oh you got your little boy I
got rolling goes yeah why not
oh gee dad I got one Elsa look jump come
on come on I am I my name is all
browsers what is I can't party what's um
what's your money am i leaving my child
off everyone we're gonna discuss I adore
what is so essential Irish got a towel a
different time a different idea yeah ah
absolutely no I want to you know but I
didn't get a lot of that yes I've done
it for the gal that not again anomalous
- one stuck in another 500 I'm hoping in
Armond
what is that what we would collect a
pussy about it it doesn't good on
Arsenio time I won't even fight but it
dies off yeah well I need a high dose
metal what you have said ya know what is
that mammal I got ya there's no the
littlest
random Mr blobby Diwali Jonathan oh yeah
it's not all my buddies
I don't I need a really good photo again
I'm gonna write 1 X Mart mondo Mart oh
dear
fucking it up whatever one you make come
on the equity really awesome gosh
China Salmonella giant old Malone on
vinyl
if anyone dies off hot dioxide I was
fearful ready to set off yeah uh we all
know what he might not know when I don't